Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER 01: CHILDREN STILL LIVING
Mrs Dursley, Privet Drive Privet Drive No. 4, is proud to say that they are completely normal, thank you for your concern.
Do not expect them to believe in bizarre or mysterious things, simply because they do not seem to care about those silly things.
Mr. Dursley is the director of a company called Grunnings, which specializes in drilling.
He was a tall, athletic, almost neckless man, but with a great mustache.
Mrs Dursley was thin, blond, with a long double normal neck, which was good for her to cross the fence to look at her neighbor.
The Dursleys have a baby boy named Dudley who, in their opinion, can not have a better baby in the world.
The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their biggest fear was that the secret was revealed to someone.
They are afraid that it will be difficult to bear if the story of the Potter family is discovered.
Mrs. Potter is Mrs. Dursley's sister, but for years they have never met.
Mrs. Dursley pretended she did not have any sisters, because her cousin and her inexperienced husband could not have had the style of the Dursleys.
Mrs Dursley shivered at the thought of what the neighbors would say if the Potter family appeared at her door.
They know the Potter family has a little boy, but they have not seen it yet. That child was one reason they were away from the Potter family: They did not want Dudley's son to betray Potter.
On a drab, murky Tuesday morning, the Dursleys woke up, not feeling at all, that the sky was clouded by mysterious strangest things going on in England.
Mr. Dursley gulped down at the world's most worn tie to wear his neck.
Mrs. Dursley clapped her hands while struggling with Dudley's screaming mother, who refused to sit down for good.
No one noticed a large and black owl flying through the window.
At eight o'clock, Mr. Dursley books a couple, sneaks Mrs. Dursley one by one and tries to kiss his son before going to work.
But Dudley was playing trumpet drumming, puffing food and pounding everything, including his father's kiss.